Add folder description (#726)
OfficeDev/office-scripts-docs: docs/resources/samples/combine-worksheets-into-single-workbook.md

## Solution

1. Create a new Excel file in your OneDrive. The file name "Combination.xlsx" is used in this sample.

> 1. Create and save the two scripts from this sample as '.osts' files in your OneDrive folder under **Documents\Office Scripts**.

Reviewer: Fair point that you can manually save the files. I envisioned folks saving the files with the Code Editor. How does this combined suggestion sound?
```suggestion
1. Create and save the two scripts from this sample. Either paste them into the Code Editor or create new '.osts' files in your OneDrive folder under **Documents\Office Scripts**.
```
